AWS S3 Create Bucket docs (#1528)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/deployments/aws/aws-s3-create-bucket/index.md

---
title: Amazon S3 Create Bucket
description: Create a new bucket in Amazon S3.
---

Octopus supports creating a new S3 bucket through the `Create an Amazon S3 Bucket` step.
This step provides a way to create or manage an arbitrary Amazon S3 Bucket. This could be especially useful in conjunction with AWS Lambda functions.

:::hint

> The `Create an Amazon S3 Bucket` manages the S3 bucket via CloudFormation.

Reviewer: Because this step was delivered via the step package feed it is actually available in both 2022.1 and 2022.2. @tekerson was there a minimum build number besides having the feed enabled?

> The `Create an Amazon S3 Bucket` manages the S3 bucket via CloudFormation.

Author: @rhysparry It should be available in any build that has the feed enabled. I don't know off the top of my head when it was enabled. Do you have that build number? should it be mentioned here?

> The `Create an Amazon S3 Bucket` manages the S3 bucket via CloudFormation.

Reviewer: So that will be 2021.1.1933, which was before the first GA 2021.1 build, so no need for the build number!

Provide the information required to create the bucket.

![Create an Amazon S3 Bucket Configuration section](images/configuration-section.png "width=500")

The following settings will need to be configured:

* AWS Region
* AWS Account

The Bucket Name will be automatically generated if it are not provided.

### Tags section

Specify a list of tags and their values. These tags will be added to Bucket as well as the CloudFormation Stack.

![Create an Amazon S3 Bucket Tags section](images/tags-section.png "width=500")

### Advanced section

Provide some optional, advanced configuration options.

![Create an Amazon S3 Bucket Tags section](images/advanced-section.png "width=500")

The bucket is created and managed through a CloudFormation stack and you can optionally provide a specific CloudFormation Stack Name to use, otherwise one will be automatically generated.

## Output variables

Presently, the step does outputs the following variables.

BucketName
: The name of the bucket that was created

StackName
: The name of the CloudFormation stack

StackId
: The ID (ARN) of the CloudFormation stack

Region
: The AWS region in which the operations were executed

> ## Create S3 Bucket Validation Error

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Errors

If a deployment failure is detected, you may receive one of the following errors.

### Create S3 Bucket Validation Error
```

> This error indicates that one or more of the step's inputs are invalid. Typically, this can happen when values are supplied as bound expressions and could not be resolved until a new release is deployed. The step will run an additional validation check before attempting to perform the deployment. Some examples of input values that can cause this error are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This error indicates that one or more of the step's inputs are invalid. Typically, this can happen when values are supplied as bound expressions and cannot be resolved until a new release is deployed. The step will run an additional validation check before attempting to perform the deployment. Some examples of input values that can cause this error are:
```
